README.md, before:

# ![alt text](https://assets.breatheco.de/apis/img/images.php?blob&random&cat=icon&tags=breathecode,32)  The Instagram Photo Feed

Everyone knows Instagram, it's an ideal fun exercise to practice your beginner HTML/CSS skills. On this project will be exercising the following concepts:

- Reusing CSS classes.
- Display and Position CSS Rules.
- Building a layout with CSS/HTML.
- Centering containers.
- Flow left and right.
- Importing images.


## 🌱  How to start this project

This project comes with the necessary files to start working, but you have two options to start:

a) Open this link in your browser to clone it with gitpod (recommended) : https://gitpod.io#https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed.git

b) You can clone this repository on your local computer:
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed.git
```

💡 Important: Remember to create a new repository, update the remote (`git remote set-url origin <your new url>`), and upload the code to your new repository using `add`, `commit` and `push`.


## 📝 Instructions

Using everything you have learned with HTML and CSS3, please create a website that replicates this gif in every way (pixel perfect):

<img src="https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/preview.gif?raw=true" /> 

([Click here to expand](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/preview.gif?raw=true))

Or you can use these images:

![imagen 1 ](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/inst-3.png?raw=true)
![imagen 2 ](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/inst-5.png?raw=true)
![imagen 3 ](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/inst-6.png?raw=true)

Use the display property like in the old days or the new flex CSS property to make the posts feed.

## 📒 Resources

- [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8zMYaD1bz0) from the net ninja is amazing to start understanding the flexbox.

- Here is the strategy for the exercise: ![Instagram Photo Feed Strategy](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/strategy.png?raw=true)

- Please discuss with your coding partner, any other student or mentor about any questions you may have. Coding is hard for everyone.

Commit message:

html boilerplate added to README's

README.md, after:

# ![alt text](https://assets.breatheco.de/apis/img/images.php?blob&random&cat=icon&tags=breathecode,32)  The Instagram Photo Feed

Everyone knows Instagram, it's an ideal fun exercise to practice your beginner HTML/CSS skills. On this project will be exercising the following concepts:

- Reusing CSS classes.
- Display and Position CSS Rules.
- Building a layout with CSS/HTML.
- Centering containers.
- Flow left and right.
- Importing images.


## 🌱  How to start this project

Do not clone this repository.

1. The first step to start coding is cloning the [html boilerplate](https://github.com/4GeeksAcademy/html-hello) on your local computer or opening it using gitpod.

a) If using Gitpod you can clone the boilerplate by [clicking here](https://github.com/4GeeksAcademy/html-hello).
b) If working locally type the following command from your command line: `$ git clone https://github.com/4GeeksAcademy/html-hello`.

💡 Important: Remember to create a new repository, update the remote (`git remote set-url origin <your new url>`), and upload the code to your new repository using `add`, `commit` and `push`.




## 📝 Instructions

Using everything you have learned with HTML and CSS3, please create a website that replicates this gif in every way (pixel perfect):

<img src="https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/preview.gif?raw=true" /> 

([Click here to expand](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/preview.gif?raw=true))

Or you can use these images:

![imagen 1 ](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/inst-3.png?raw=true)
![imagen 2 ](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/inst-5.png?raw=true)
![imagen 3 ](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/inst-6.png?raw=true)

Use the display property like in the old days or the new flex CSS property to make the posts feed.

## 📒 Resources

- [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8zMYaD1bz0) from the net ninja is amazing to start understanding the flexbox.

- Here is the strategy for the exercise: ![Instagram Photo Feed Strategy](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-instagram-feed/blob/master/strategy.png?raw=true)

- Please discuss with your coding partner, any other student or mentor about any questions you may have. Coding is hard for everyone.
